high-carbon Coulter from beauty and
fashion check calm this is part of the
makeup Wars series it's a set of beauty
bloggers who come up with the kind of
challenging mo topics each other week or
so and we you know sure a favorite
something or we do a challenge such as
our most expensive face we recently did
that or we did the twenty-dollar makeup
challenge this is a makeup wars video
post which is for our favorite brush
which is pretty simple you know us and
not sort of nothing so much a challenge
this week is such as a sharing type
thing my favorite brush right now
anyways have boys changing I've got a
fickle um happens to be this BH
Cosmetics flatheads stippling brush I
mean it's it's not your Stan I thought a
different stippling brush this is
another BH Cosmetics stippling brush to
this is more what you think of when you
hear about a stippling brush and I just
got this one I haven't even really used
this one yet I have a mac one that I
used to death I actually probably need
to replace my mac one I just got the
status for a comparison but when I
bought this I also bought this now this
is I mean it doesn't look quite like a
stippling brush to what you think of
this one but it still is it still got
that taper kind of flares out it's
denser it's flat it's got a really flat
end I mean this one does too but it's
softer it's going to mush in a little
more this is interesting i bought it
because i read a lot of people raving
about it they said using this to stipple
on foundation instead of the traditional
stippling brush so I got it I tried it I
love it love it love it it you know it
picks up the foundation well well and
still you can use it to stipple your
makeup all good you know just coming in
like this but it you know what's nice
about it is when you want to go to blend
after you just kind of stipple your
foundation on is you know and do some
blending in circular motions that flat
superflat Vince or top looks really
really nice for that so this is kind of
my new favorite brush because I hadn't
had a brush like this before you know I
have I have a ton of stippling brush as
you know I you know I Dwight stippling
brush is not just point out foundation
but I like to apply like blush and stuff
with them too so i have several you know
couple use for foundation a couple use
but blush and bronzer or whatever but I
hadn't seen something like this and and
you know that other nice bonus about
this is it cheap um I don't we call the
price right off so i'll have computer
i'll put in my blog post and you can go
check but I mean it's cheap it's like
probably under five dollars you know
definitely under 10 all the bhcosmetics
rushes are very very affordable I bought
a bunch of them to kind of check them
out and I've been really happy with them
they're pleasantly surprised you know I
i was thinking these are cheap brushes
they're gonna lose hairs I'm going to
work so well and I hasn't been the case
so anyway so I'm putting this up for the
makeup bores a favorite makeup brush you
know I'm kind of wanting to try to do
something different I kind of suspect a
lot of the other bloggers will have some
you know really high-end interesting
brushes i know some of those those women
have some excellent brush collections
and i'm envious of some of their
high-end brushes they have but i thought
i'd just try for going for the other end
of the scale and show you the the really
great affordable brush so there you go
bh cosmetics and i will put out more
information about this on beauty and
fashion techcom including the link to
where you can get it so that is all for
today thank you bye